Add bit for no perf difference beween rhel7 and 8 (#1515)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_configuring-project-for-performance.adoc

{Project} comes with a number of components that communicate with each other.
You can tune these components independently of each other to achieve the maximum possible performance for your scenario.

> No significant performance difference between {Project} installed on {EL} 7 and {EL} 8 is seen.

Author: Ah this looks better. Thank you!

> We have not seen significant performance difference between {Project} installed on {EL} 7 and {EL} 8.

Reviewer: A further note: to avoid `we` there is `{Team}`. It should be noted that in some cases it is singular, plural in others:
```console
$ rg team guides/common/attributes* -i
guides/common/attributes-satellite.adoc
89::Team: Red{nbsp}Hat

guides/common/attributes-orcharhino.adoc
24::Team: ATIX AG

guides/common/attributes-base.adoc
100::Team: Foreman developers
```

> We have not seen significant performance difference between {Project} installed on Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7 and Red Hat Enterprise Linux 8.

Reviewer: Please use the correct macros
```suggestion
We have not seen significant performance difference between {Project} installed on {EL} 7 and {EL} 8.
```

I also think the docs avoid `we` since it's ambiguous. @maximiliankolb this isn't written down in `CONTRIBUTING.md`. Yesterday I was talking about this: documenting our documentation styles would be a good thing to have. Is this something's done?
